+++
title = "My Programming Background"
date = 2021-07-15
tags = ["programming", "tech"]
+++
My first attempts at programming date back to the time spent in front of my Commodore VIC-20 and then C64, keying in BASIC programs from magazines and watching them run. From there, more BASIC and LOGO as I went through school (Apple II, Tandy 1000s) and by the time I hit high school, I opted to go to vo-tech for programming (they called it Data Processing). The vo-tech program was focused on business applications on mainframes, specifically an IBM System/36 and COBOL with a side of RPG, which leads me into getting my Associate's in Computer Programming from a local technical college, which sadly no longer exists. I'm thankful for it, though, because I was able to get a full scholarship, and six months after graduation, I started my career as a COBOL programmer in the fall of 1997. From that point on, I dabbled in a few languages and never really mastered any one in particular. C, Perl, Python, BASIC just to name a few. I'm pretty okay with Python these days as I've written some internal tools and applications with it, but sadly like anything else if I don't use it, I forget a lot of it.

Now in 2021, I want to try to get serious about learning a language or two and actually using it on a regular basis. I suspect being able to use it regularly means a good fit would be looking at an open source project and contributing to it. Python is on that list because I do use it at work, and I'm also looking at Go. I thought about C or Rust, but I can't really think of anything low-level I'd want to write. I think my main focus for now will end up being Python, then I'll start looking at Go later on. I probably will dabble in C since I do mess around with Arduinos and such from time to time, but we shall see.